TESTED_BUT_BROKEN.md, before:

# Partially or completely broken
### Games are sorted by base engine version. CUE4Parse EGame enum value supplied under the "Custom Version" header as some games have custom changes.
The issue is described under the "Issue" header. If you have fixes for these, please create a Pull Request to submit your changes to CUE4Parse to help the community.

## Unreal Engine 4.15
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Unreal Tournament](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/unreal-tournament)|UnrealTournament| |Highly modified engine|

## Unreal Engine 4.16
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[The Awesome Adventures of Captain Spirit](https://store.steampowered.com/app/845070/The_Awesome_Adventures_of_Captain_Spirit/)|CaptainSpirit| |Static meshes don't load|
|[Life is Strange 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/532210/Life_is_Strange_2/)|LIS2|GAME_LifeIsStrange2|Animations are broken

## Unreal Engine 4.21
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Supraland](https://store.steampowered.com/app/813630/Supraland/)|Supraland| |Invalid FString length for Asset Registry|

## Unreal Engine 4.23
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Apex Legends Mobile](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.gp.apexlegendsmobilefps)|AClient|GAME_ApexLegendsMobile|Meshes don't load|

## Unreal Engine 4.24
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Empires of the Undergrowth](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463530/Empires_of_the_Undergrowth/)|EotU| |Invalid FString length for Asset Registry|

## Unreal Engine 4.25
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Maneater (Microsoft Store)](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/maneater/9p5b81kvdgp1)|Maneater| |Uses frozen pak indexes|
|[Divine Knockout](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1294660/Divine_Knockout_DKO/)|DivineKnockout|GAME_RogueCompany|ACL animation fails|

## Unreal Engine 4.26
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[QQ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tencent.mobileqq)|UE4| |FPakInfo modification|
|[Deliver Us The Moon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/428660/Deliver_Us_The_Moon/)|MoonMan| |Asset Registry invalid FString length|
|[Scavengers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1183940/Scavengers/)|Scavenger| |Blueprints and Asset Registry errors & Meshes don't load|
|[Video Horror Society](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/vhs)|Game|GAME_ReadyOrNot|Alternate pak GUIDs with keys|

## Unreal Engine 4.27
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[HYENAS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1989910/HYENAS/)|keaton| |Every asset causes a CLR crash|
|[Battlefield Mobile](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.gp.odessa)|Odessa| |Mappings needed (if you have it, please supply it in an issue)|
|[Brickadia](https://brickadia.com/download)|Brickadia| |Removed directory index|

Commit message:

modified FPakInfo for Dragon Quest

TESTED_BUT_BROKEN.md, after:

# Partially or completely broken
### Games are sorted by base engine version. CUE4Parse EGame enum value supplied under the "Custom Version" header as some games have custom changes.
The issue is described under the "Issue" header. If you have fixes for these, please create a Pull Request to submit your changes to CUE4Parse to help the community.

## Unreal Engine 4.15
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Unreal Tournament](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/unreal-tournament)|UnrealTournament| |Highly modified engine|

## Unreal Engine 4.16
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[The Awesome Adventures of Captain Spirit](https://store.steampowered.com/app/845070/The_Awesome_Adventures_of_Captain_Spirit/)|CaptainSpirit| |Static meshes don't load|
|[Life is Strange 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/532210/Life_is_Strange_2/)|LIS2|GAME_LifeIsStrange2|Animations are broken|

## Unreal Engine 4.18
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[DRAGON QUEST XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age](https://store.steampowered.com/app/742120/DRAGON_QUEST_XI_Echoes_of_an_Elusive_Age__Digital_Edition_of_Light/)|JackGame| |Modified FPakInfo|

## Unreal Engine 4.21
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Supraland](https://store.steampowered.com/app/813630/Supraland/)|Supraland| |Invalid FString length for Asset Registry|

## Unreal Engine 4.23
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Apex Legends Mobile](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.gp.apexlegendsmobilefps)|AClient|GAME_ApexLegendsMobile|Meshes don't load|

## Unreal Engine 4.24
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Empires of the Undergrowth](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463530/Empires_of_the_Undergrowth/)|EotU| |Invalid FString length for Asset Registry|

## Unreal Engine 4.25
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Maneater (Microsoft Store)](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/maneater/9p5b81kvdgp1)|Maneater| |Uses frozen pak indexes|
|[Divine Knockout](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1294660/Divine_Knockout_DKO/)|DivineKnockout|GAME_RogueCompany|ACL animation fails|

## Unreal Engine 4.26
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[QQ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tencent.mobileqq)|UE4| |FPakInfo modification|
|[Deliver Us The Moon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/428660/Deliver_Us_The_Moon/)|MoonMan| |Asset Registry invalid FString length|
|[Scavengers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1183940/Scavengers/)|Scavenger| |Blueprints and Asset Registry errors & Meshes don't load|
|[Video Horror Society](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/vhs)|Game|GAME_ReadyOrNot|Alternate pak GUIDs with keys|

## Unreal Engine 4.27
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Issue|
|--|--|--|--|
|[HYENAS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1989910/HYENAS/)|keaton| |Every asset causes a CLR crash|
|[Battlefield Mobile](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ea.gp.odessa)|Odessa| |Mappings needed (if you have it, please supply it in an issue)|
|[Brickadia](https://brickadia.com/download)|Brickadia| |Removed directory index|
