VERIFIED_WORKING.md, before:

# Compatible and verified working (at the time of addition)
### Games are sorted by base engine version. CUE4Parse EGame enum value supplied under the "Custom Version" header as some games have custom changes.
* Please note, any games here are NOT verified to work with the FModel Model Viewer or Audio Player. They are only verified to provide correct and valid data.

## Unreal Engine 4.8
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Gravitas](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1067310/Gravitas/)|SkyArk|

## Unreal Engine 4.10
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Sea of Thieves](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172620/Sea_of_Thieves/)|Athena|GAME_SeaOfThieves|

## Unreal Engine 4.12
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Hide and Shriek](https://store.steampowered.com/app/480430/Hide_and_Shriek/)|HideandShriek|
|[Seven: The Days Long Gone](https://store.steampowered.com/app/471010/Seven_Enhanced_Edition/)|Seven|

## Unreal Engine 4.13
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Little Nightmares](https://store.steampowered.com/app/424840/Little_Nightmares/)|Atlas|
|[Dreadnought](https://store.steampowered.com/app/835860/Dreadnought/)|DreadGame|
|[Styx: Shards of Darkness](https://store.steampowered.com/app/355790/Styx_Shards_of_Darkness/)|Styx2|
|[State of Decay 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/495420/State_of_Decay_2_Juggernaut_Edition/)|StateOfDecay2|GAME_StateOfDecay2|

## Unreal Engine 4.14
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Disc Jam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/415880/Disc_Jam/)|DiscJam|
|[TEKKEN 7](https://store.steampowered.com/app/389730/TEKKEN_7/)|TekkenGame|GAME_TEKKEN7|

## Unreal Engine 4.15
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Golf It!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/571740/Golf_It/)|GolfIt|
|[Downward](https://store.steampowered.com/app/506900/Downward/)|Downward/DownwardDemo|
|[Einar](https://store.steampowered.com/app/674400/Einar/)|Einar|
|[Hide vs. Seek](https://store.steampowered.com/app/616220/Hide_vs_Seek/)|HideAndSeek|
|[Home Sweet Home](https://store.steampowered.com/app/617160/Home_Sweet_Home/)|HomeSweetHome|
|[Fog Of War](https://store.steampowered.com/app/691020/Fog_Of_War__Free_Edition/)|Battalion_Beta|

## Unreal Engine 4.16
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Drifland: The Magic Revival](https://store.steampowered.com/app/718650/Driftland_The_Magic_Revival/)|Driftland|
|[PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/578080/PUBG_BATTLEGROUNDS/)|TslGame|GAME_PlayerUnknownsBattlegrounds|
|[Train Sim World 2020](https://store.steampowered.com/app/530070/Train_Sim_World_2020/)|TS2Prototype|GAME_TrainSimWorld2020|

## Unreal Engine 4.17
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Shardbound](https://store.steampowered.com/app/586030/Shardbound/)|Tactics|
|[BattleRush](https://store.steampowered.com/app/734580/BattleRush/)|Cv2_Base|
|[Midair](https://store.steampowered.com/app/439370/Midair/)|Midair|
|[Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden](https://store.steampowered.com/app/760060/Mutant_Year_Zero_Road_to_Eden/)|ZoneUE4|
|[STARDROP](https://store.steampowered.com/app/552880/STARDROP/)|STARDROP|
|[Sword Art Online: Fatal Bullet](https://store.steampowered.com/app/626690/Sword_Art_Online_Fatal_Bullet/)|SAOFB|

## Unreal Engine 4.18
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Q.U.B.E. 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/359100/QUBE_2/)|QUBE|
|[Laser League: World Arena](https://store.steampowered.com/app/570460/Laser_League_World_Arena/)|GameProject|
|[Burning Daylight](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1052070/Burning_Daylight/)|BurningDaylight|
|[UNDEFEATED](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1116960/UNDEFEATED/)|UNDEFEATED|
|[Yoshi's Crafted World](https://www.nintendo.com/store/products/yoshis-crafted-world-switch/)|PJ033|
|[A Way Out](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1222700/A_Way_Out/)|Haze1|
|[Icarus M](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wemadesvc.icarusm)|ICARUS_M|
|[Kingdom Hearts 3](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/kingdom-hearts-iii)|TresGame|GAME_KingdomHearts3|
|[ACE COMBAT 7: SKIES UNKNOWN](https://store.steampowered.com/app/502500/ACE_COMBAT_7_SKIES_UNKNOWN/)|Nimbus|GAME_AceCombat7|
|[FINAL FANTASY VII REMAKE INTERGRADE](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1462040/FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REMAKE_INTERGRADE/)|End|GAME_FinalFantasy7Remake|[Mapping](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752881317146001559/1058146112525045830/FF7R.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 4.19
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[The Occupation](https://store.steampowered.com/app/765880/The_Occupation/)|TheOccupation|
|[Bless Unleashed](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1254120/Bless_Unleashed/)|Bless|
|[Paragon](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/paragon)|OrionGame|GAME_Paragon|

## Unreal Engine 4.20
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[MORDHAU](https://store.steampowered.com/app/629760/MORDHAU/)|Mordhau|
|[Hello Neighbor](https://store.steampowered.com/app/521890/Hello_Neighbor/)|HelloNeighbor|
|[Empires Apart](https://store.steampowered.com/app/530630/Empires_Apart/)|Impero|
|[Islands of Nyne: Battle Royale](https://store.steampowered.com/app/728540/Islands_of_Nyne_Battle_Royale/)|IONBranch|
|[What Never Was](https://store.steampowered.com/app/866440/What_Never_Was/)|WhatNeverWas|
|[The Dark Pictures Anthology: Man of Medan](https://store.steampowered.com/app/939850/The_Dark_Pictures_Anthology_Man_of_Medan/)|SMG019|
|[Shurado](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.ganbarion.shurado)|ARC|
|[MAD8 : Raid Battle](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trypotstudios.mad8)|TryPotA|
|[Tales of Arise](https://store.steampowered.com/app/740130/Tales_of_Arise/)|Arise|
|[Borderlands 3](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/borderlands-3)|OakGame|GAME_Borderlands3|

## Unreal Engine 4.21
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[NINE TRIALS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/976800/_NINE_TRIALS/)|NineTrials|
|[Darwin Project](https://store.steampowered.com/app/544920/Darwin_Project/)|Darwin|
|[Forza Street](https://www.xbox.com/en-us/games/store/forza-street/9n2r1zmbx1s2)|Gravity|
|[FIGHTING EX LAYER -α](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.arika.cps025)|EXF|
|[Ganghood Survival](https://store.steampowered.com/app/965080/_Ganghood_Survival/)|SurvivalGameProj|

## Unreal Engine 4.22
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Spellbreak](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/spellbreak)|g3|
|[Minecraft Dungeons](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1672970/Minecraft_Dungeons/)|Dungeons|
|[CityBattle](https://store.steampowered.com/app/611020/CityBattle__Virtual_Earth/)|WarguardGame|
|[Not My Car](https://store.steampowered.com/app/694720/Not_My_Car__Battle_Royale/)|Prototype|
|[Hello Guest](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1504150/Hello_Guest_Hello_Neighbor_2_prealpha/)|HelloGuest|
|[V4](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nexon.v4gb)|X|
|[Gigantic X](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ActionSquare.GiganticX)|ProjectG|
|[Pro Evolution Soccer 20(19/20/21) (Outdated)](https://downzen.com/en/android/pes-2019-pro-evolution-soccer)|PesMobile|
|[Engage Souls](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.engagesouls)|EnSouls|

## Unreal Engine 4.23
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[ASTRONEER](https://store.steampowered.com/app/361420/ASTRONEER/)|Astro|
|[Octopath Traveler](https://store.steampowered.com/app/921570/OCTOPATH_TRAVELER/)|Octopath_Traveler|
|[Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/732690/FIVE_NIGHTS_AT_FREDDYS_HELP_WANTED/)|freddys|
|[3on3 FreeStyle: Rebound](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1292630/3on3_FreeStyle_Rebound/)|DoubleClutch|
|[BLUE PROTOCOL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2139230/BLUE_PROTOCOL/)|BLUEPROTOCOL|

## Unreal Engine 4.24
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Battle Breakers](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/battle-breakers)|WorldExplorers|
|[Little Nightmares II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/860510/Little_Nightmares_II/)|Helios|
|[Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night](https://store.steampowered.com/app/692850/Bloodstained_Ritual_of_the_Night/)|BloodstainedRotN|
|[Dark Deception](https://store.steampowered.com/app/332950/Dark_Deception/)|DDeception|
|[KurtzPel](https://store.steampowered.com/app/844870/KurtzPel/)|TheChase|
|[Empires of the Undergrowth](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463530/Empires_of_the_Undergrowth/)|EotU|
|[THE IDOLM@STER STARLIT SEASON](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1046480/THE_IDOLMSTER_STARLIT_SEASON/)|imal|

## Unreal Engine 4.25
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[TrenchesWIP](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1118920/TrenchesWIP/)|FPSKit|
|[Lineage W](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ncsoft.lineagew)|LineageR|
|[Fracked](https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/fracked/)|Black|
|[ONE PIECE ODYSSEY](https://store.steampowered.com/app/814000/ONE_PIECE_ODYSSEY/)|odyssey|
|[Maneater](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/maneater/9p5b81kvdgp1)|Maneater|
|[FFVII The First Soldier](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.ff7fsjp)|Game|
|[ANVIL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1487390/ANVIL/)|ANVIL|GAME_UE4_25_Plus|
|[Life is Strange: True Colors](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/life-is-strange-true-colors/9nfwsnn4jwkb)|Siren|GAME_UE4_25_Plus|
|[Rogue Company](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rogue-company)|RogueCompany|GAME_RogueCompany|

## Unreal Engine 4.26
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Kid A Mnesia: Exhibition](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/kid-a-mnesia-exhibition)|Paperbag|
|[eFootball 2023](http://store.steampowered.com/app/1665460/eFootball_2023/)|PesConsole|
|[Tetris Effect](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1003590/Tetris_Effect_Connected/)|TetrisEffect|
|[Core](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/core)|Platform|
|[BIGFOOT](https://store.steampowered.com/app/509980/BIGFOOT/)|Bigfoot|
|[Deathly Stillness](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1727650/Deathly_Stillness/)|DeathlyStillnessGame|
|[Will To Live Online](https://store.steampowered.com/app/707010/Will_To_Live_Online/)|WTL|
|[Backbone: Prologue](https://store.steampowered.com/app/992310/Backbone_Prologue/)|Detective|
|[BATTALION: Legacy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/489940/BATTALION_Legacy/)|Battalion|
|[Deliver Us The Moon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/428660/Deliver_Us_The_Moon/)|MoonMan|
|[The Swordsmen X](https://store.steampowered.com/app/840140/_The_Swordsmen_X/)|WuXiaX|
|[Sunken Century](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klmagic.pirates)|Pirates|
|[Evangelion Battlefields](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobcast.games.ebf)|PRJ|
|[Demons Are Crazy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/861050/DemonsAreCrazy/)|DemonsAreCrazy|
|[Park Beyond](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1368130/Park_Beyond/)|ParkBeyond|
|[Pikmin 4](https://www.nintendo.com/store/products/pikmin-4-switch/)|Carrot4|
|[Ghostrunner](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1139900/Ghostrunner/)|Ghostrunner|
|[Tower of Fantasy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2064650/Tower_of_Fantasy/)|Hotta|GAME_TowerOfFantasy|
|[Dauntless](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/dauntless)|Archon|GAME_Dauntless|
|[GTA Trilogy - Definitive Edition](https://store.rockstargames.com/game/buy-grand-theft-auto-the-trilogy-the-definitive-edition)|Gameface|GAME_GTATheTrilogyDefinitiveEdition|
|[The Division Resurgence](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ubisoft.the.division.mobile.combat.shooting.open.world.rpg)|TheDivision|GAME_TheDivisionResurgence|
|[Snowbreak](https://snowbreak.amazingseasun.com/en/index.html#/)|Game|GAME_Snowbreak|
|[Ready or Not](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1144200/Ready_or_Not/)|ReadyOrNot|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Rumbleverse](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rumbleverse)|Rumbleverse|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Mortal Kombat: Onslaught](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wb.goog.mk.rpg2021)|TNT|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Torchlight: Infinite](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1974050/Torchlight_Infinite/)|UE_game|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Stray](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1332010/Stray/)|Hk_project|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[The Dark Pictures Anthology: The Devil in Me](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1567020/The_Dark_Pictures_Anthology_The_Devil_in_Me/)|SMG028|GAME_ReadyOrNot|

## Unreal Engine 4.27
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Dead by Daylight](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/dead-by-daylight)|DeadByDaylight|
|[Hello Neighbor 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1321680/Hello_Neighbor_2/)|HelloNeighbor2|
|[Paragon: The Overprime](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/paragon-the-overprime-0bca60)|Overprime|
|[The Anacrusis](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1120480/The_Anacrusis/)|Anacrusis|
|[Multiversus](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/multiversus)|MultiVersus|
|[The Cycle](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/thecycle)|Prospect|
|[Marie's Room](https://store.steampowered.com/app/648390/Maries_Room/)|MariesRoom|
|[AMID EVIL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/673130/AMID_EVIL/)|AmidEvil|
|[The Orville - Interactive Fan Experience](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1096200/The_Orville__Interactive_Fan_Experience/)|OrvilleFanGame|
|[High On Life](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1583230/High_On_Life/)|Oregon|
|[Coral Island](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1158160/Coral_Island/)|ProjectCoral|
|[Rocket League Sideswipe](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Psyonix.RL2D)|RL2D|
|[Omega Strikers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1869590/Omega_Strikers/)|Prometheus|
|[Meta Football](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninemgames.football)|Soccer|
|[Hi-Fi RUSH](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1817230/HiFi_RUSH/)|Hibiki|
|[SpongeBob SquarePants: The Cosmic Shake](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1282150/SpongeBob_SquarePants_The_Cosmic_Shake/)|CosmicShake|
|[Ghostwire: Tokyo](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1475810/Ghostwire_Tokyo/)|Snowfall|
|[Wayfinder](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1171690/Wayfinder/)|Atlas|
|[Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach](https://store.steampowered.com/app/747660/Five_Nights_at_Freddys_Security_Breach/)|fnaf9|
|[Splitgate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/677620/Splitgate/)|PortalWars|GAME_Splitgate|
|[HYENAS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1989910/HYENAS/)|keaton|GAME_HYENAS|
|[VALORANT](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/valorant)|ShooterGame|GAME_Valorant|
|[Grounded](https://store.steampowered.com/app/962130/Grounded/)|Maine|GAME_Grounded|
|[The Outlast Trials](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1304930/The_Outlast_Trials/)|OPP|GAME_OutlastTrials|
|[HARVESTELLA](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1816300/HARVESTELLA/)|Harvestella| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Harvestella/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Crisis Core - Final Fantasy 7 Reunion](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1608070/CRISIS_CORE_FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REUNION/)|CCFF7R| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/CCFF7R/Mappings.usmap)|
|[DEATHVERSE: LET IT DIE](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1149560/DEATHVERSE_LET_IT_DIE/)|EAGGame| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/DEATHVERSE/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Lies of P](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1627720/Lies_of_P/)|LiesofP| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Lies%20of%20P/Demo/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.0
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Kitty May Cry](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2123100/Kitty_May_Cry/)|KittyMayCry|
|[Petals](https://petalsgame.itch.io/petals)|Petals| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Petals/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Predecessor](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/predecessor)|Predecessor| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Predecessor/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Dark and Darker](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2016590/Dark_and_Darker/)|DungeonCrawler| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Dark%20and%20Darker/Mappings.usmap)|
|[SCP: Fragmented Minds](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1184790/SCP_Fragmented_Minds/)|FragmentedMinds| |[Mapping (Unavailable)]()|
|[Android Simulator](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1891250/Android_Simulator/)|AndroidSimulator| |[Mapping (Unavailable)]()|
|[Meet Your Maker](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1194810/Meet_Your_Maker/)|Sanctuary|GAME_MeetYourMaker|[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Meet%20Your%20Maker/Open%20Beta/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.1
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Palia](https://palia.com/)|Palia| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Palia/Open%20Beta/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.2
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Remnant II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1282100/Remnant_II/)|Remnant2| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Remnant%202/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.3
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Fortnite](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/fortnite)|FortniteGame| |[Mapping](https://fortnitecentral.genxgames.gg/api/v1/mappings)|

Commit message:

BINKA not considered broken as it gives proper info (2)

VERIFIED_WORKING.md, after:

# Compatible and verified working (at the time of addition)
### Games are sorted by base engine version. CUE4Parse EGame enum value supplied under the "Custom Version" header as some games have custom changes.
* Please note, any games here are NOT verified to work with the FModel Model Viewer or Audio Player. They are only verified to provide correct and valid data.

## Unreal Engine 4.8
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Gravitas](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1067310/Gravitas/)|SkyArk|

## Unreal Engine 4.10
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Sea of Thieves](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1172620/Sea_of_Thieves/)|Athena|GAME_SeaOfThieves|

## Unreal Engine 4.12
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Hide and Shriek](https://store.steampowered.com/app/480430/Hide_and_Shriek/)|HideandShriek|
|[Seven: The Days Long Gone](https://store.steampowered.com/app/471010/Seven_Enhanced_Edition/)|Seven|

## Unreal Engine 4.13
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Little Nightmares](https://store.steampowered.com/app/424840/Little_Nightmares/)|Atlas|
|[Dreadnought](https://store.steampowered.com/app/835860/Dreadnought/)|DreadGame|
|[Styx: Shards of Darkness](https://store.steampowered.com/app/355790/Styx_Shards_of_Darkness/)|Styx2|
|[State of Decay 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/495420/State_of_Decay_2_Juggernaut_Edition/)|StateOfDecay2|GAME_StateOfDecay2|

## Unreal Engine 4.14
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Disc Jam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/415880/Disc_Jam/)|DiscJam|
|[TEKKEN 7](https://store.steampowered.com/app/389730/TEKKEN_7/)|TekkenGame|GAME_TEKKEN7|

## Unreal Engine 4.15
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Golf It!](https://store.steampowered.com/app/571740/Golf_It/)|GolfIt|
|[Downward](https://store.steampowered.com/app/506900/Downward/)|Downward/DownwardDemo|
|[Einar](https://store.steampowered.com/app/674400/Einar/)|Einar|
|[Hide vs. Seek](https://store.steampowered.com/app/616220/Hide_vs_Seek/)|HideAndSeek|
|[Home Sweet Home](https://store.steampowered.com/app/617160/Home_Sweet_Home/)|HomeSweetHome|
|[Fog Of War](https://store.steampowered.com/app/691020/Fog_Of_War__Free_Edition/)|Battalion_Beta|

## Unreal Engine 4.16
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Drifland: The Magic Revival](https://store.steampowered.com/app/718650/Driftland_The_Magic_Revival/)|Driftland|
|[PUBG: BATTLEGROUNDS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/578080/PUBG_BATTLEGROUNDS/)|TslGame|GAME_PlayerUnknownsBattlegrounds|
|[Train Sim World 2020](https://store.steampowered.com/app/530070/Train_Sim_World_2020/)|TS2Prototype|GAME_TrainSimWorld2020|

## Unreal Engine 4.17
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Shardbound](https://store.steampowered.com/app/586030/Shardbound/)|Tactics|
|[BattleRush](https://store.steampowered.com/app/734580/BattleRush/)|Cv2_Base|
|[Midair](https://store.steampowered.com/app/439370/Midair/)|Midair|
|[Mutant Year Zero: Road to Eden](https://store.steampowered.com/app/760060/Mutant_Year_Zero_Road_to_Eden/)|ZoneUE4|
|[STARDROP](https://store.steampowered.com/app/552880/STARDROP/)|STARDROP|
|[Sword Art Online: Fatal Bullet](https://store.steampowered.com/app/626690/Sword_Art_Online_Fatal_Bullet/)|SAOFB|

## Unreal Engine 4.18
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Q.U.B.E. 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/359100/QUBE_2/)|QUBE|
|[Laser League: World Arena](https://store.steampowered.com/app/570460/Laser_League_World_Arena/)|GameProject|
|[Burning Daylight](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1052070/Burning_Daylight/)|BurningDaylight|
|[UNDEFEATED](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1116960/UNDEFEATED/)|UNDEFEATED|
|[Yoshi's Crafted World](https://www.nintendo.com/store/products/yoshis-crafted-world-switch/)|PJ033|
|[A Way Out](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1222700/A_Way_Out/)|Haze1|
|[Icarus M](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wemadesvc.icarusm)|ICARUS_M|
|[Kingdom Hearts 3](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/kingdom-hearts-iii)|TresGame|GAME_KingdomHearts3|
|[ACE COMBAT 7: SKIES UNKNOWN](https://store.steampowered.com/app/502500/ACE_COMBAT_7_SKIES_UNKNOWN/)|Nimbus|GAME_AceCombat7|
|[FINAL FANTASY VII REMAKE INTERGRADE](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1462040/FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REMAKE_INTERGRADE/)|End|GAME_FinalFantasy7Remake|[Mapping](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752881317146001559/1058146112525045830/FF7R.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 4.19
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[The Occupation](https://store.steampowered.com/app/765880/The_Occupation/)|TheOccupation|
|[Bless Unleashed](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1254120/Bless_Unleashed/)|Bless|
|[Paragon](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/paragon)|OrionGame|GAME_Paragon|

## Unreal Engine 4.20
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[MORDHAU](https://store.steampowered.com/app/629760/MORDHAU/)|Mordhau|
|[Hello Neighbor](https://store.steampowered.com/app/521890/Hello_Neighbor/)|HelloNeighbor|
|[Empires Apart](https://store.steampowered.com/app/530630/Empires_Apart/)|Impero|
|[Islands of Nyne: Battle Royale](https://store.steampowered.com/app/728540/Islands_of_Nyne_Battle_Royale/)|IONBranch|
|[What Never Was](https://store.steampowered.com/app/866440/What_Never_Was/)|WhatNeverWas|
|[The Dark Pictures Anthology: Man of Medan](https://store.steampowered.com/app/939850/The_Dark_Pictures_Anthology_Man_of_Medan/)|SMG019|
|[Shurado](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.ganbarion.shurado)|ARC|
|[MAD8 : Raid Battle](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trypotstudios.mad8)|TryPotA|
|[Tales of Arise](https://store.steampowered.com/app/740130/Tales_of_Arise/)|Arise|
|[Borderlands 3](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/borderlands-3)|OakGame|GAME_Borderlands3|

## Unreal Engine 4.21
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[NINE TRIALS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/976800/_NINE_TRIALS/)|NineTrials|
|[Darwin Project](https://store.steampowered.com/app/544920/Darwin_Project/)|Darwin|
|[Forza Street](https://www.xbox.com/en-us/games/store/forza-street/9n2r1zmbx1s2)|Gravity|
|[FIGHTING EX LAYER -α](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.arika.cps025)|EXF|
|[Ganghood Survival](https://store.steampowered.com/app/965080/_Ganghood_Survival/)|SurvivalGameProj|

## Unreal Engine 4.22
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Spellbreak](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/spellbreak)|g3|
|[Minecraft Dungeons](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1672970/Minecraft_Dungeons/)|Dungeons|
|[CityBattle](https://store.steampowered.com/app/611020/CityBattle__Virtual_Earth/)|WarguardGame|
|[Not My Car](https://store.steampowered.com/app/694720/Not_My_Car__Battle_Royale/)|Prototype|
|[Hello Guest](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1504150/Hello_Guest_Hello_Neighbor_2_prealpha/)|HelloGuest|
|[V4](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nexon.v4gb)|X|
|[Gigantic X](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ActionSquare.GiganticX)|ProjectG|
|[Pro Evolution Soccer 20(19/20/21) (Outdated)](https://downzen.com/en/android/pes-2019-pro-evolution-soccer)|PesMobile|
|[Engage Souls](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.engagesouls)|EnSouls|

## Unreal Engine 4.23
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[ASTRONEER](https://store.steampowered.com/app/361420/ASTRONEER/)|Astro|
|[Octopath Traveler](https://store.steampowered.com/app/921570/OCTOPATH_TRAVELER/)|Octopath_Traveler|
|[Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted](https://store.steampowered.com/app/732690/FIVE_NIGHTS_AT_FREDDYS_HELP_WANTED/)|freddys|
|[3on3 FreeStyle: Rebound](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1292630/3on3_FreeStyle_Rebound/)|DoubleClutch|
|[BLUE PROTOCOL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2139230/BLUE_PROTOCOL/)|BLUEPROTOCOL|

## Unreal Engine 4.24
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Battle Breakers](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/battle-breakers)|WorldExplorers|
|[Little Nightmares II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/860510/Little_Nightmares_II/)|Helios|
|[Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night](https://store.steampowered.com/app/692850/Bloodstained_Ritual_of_the_Night/)|BloodstainedRotN|
|[Dark Deception](https://store.steampowered.com/app/332950/Dark_Deception/)|DDeception|
|[KurtzPel](https://store.steampowered.com/app/844870/KurtzPel/)|TheChase|
|[Empires of the Undergrowth](https://store.steampowered.com/app/463530/Empires_of_the_Undergrowth/)|EotU|
|[THE IDOLM@STER STARLIT SEASON](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1046480/THE_IDOLMSTER_STARLIT_SEASON/)|imal|

## Unreal Engine 4.25
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[TrenchesWIP](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1118920/TrenchesWIP/)|FPSKit|
|[Lineage W](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ncsoft.lineagew)|LineageR|
|[Fracked](https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/fracked/)|Black|
|[ONE PIECE ODYSSEY](https://store.steampowered.com/app/814000/ONE_PIECE_ODYSSEY/)|odyssey|
|[Maneater](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/maneater/9p5b81kvdgp1)|Maneater|
|[FFVII The First Soldier](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.square_enix.android_googleplay.ff7fsjp)|Game|
|[ANVIL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1487390/ANVIL/)|ANVIL|GAME_UE4_25_Plus|
|[Life is Strange: True Colors](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/life-is-strange-true-colors/9nfwsnn4jwkb)|Siren|GAME_UE4_25_Plus|
|[Rogue Company](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rogue-company)|RogueCompany|GAME_RogueCompany|

## Unreal Engine 4.26
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|
|--|--|--|
|[Kid A Mnesia: Exhibition](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/kid-a-mnesia-exhibition)|Paperbag|
|[eFootball 2023](http://store.steampowered.com/app/1665460/eFootball_2023/)|PesConsole|
|[Tetris Effect](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1003590/Tetris_Effect_Connected/)|TetrisEffect|
|[Core](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/core)|Platform|
|[BIGFOOT](https://store.steampowered.com/app/509980/BIGFOOT/)|Bigfoot|
|[Deathly Stillness](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1727650/Deathly_Stillness/)|DeathlyStillnessGame|
|[Will To Live Online](https://store.steampowered.com/app/707010/Will_To_Live_Online/)|WTL|
|[Backbone: Prologue](https://store.steampowered.com/app/992310/Backbone_Prologue/)|Detective|
|[BATTALION: Legacy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/489940/BATTALION_Legacy/)|Battalion|
|[Deliver Us The Moon](https://store.steampowered.com/app/428660/Deliver_Us_The_Moon/)|MoonMan|
|[The Swordsmen X](https://store.steampowered.com/app/840140/_The_Swordsmen_X/)|WuXiaX|
|[Sunken Century](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klmagic.pirates)|Pirates|
|[Evangelion Battlefields](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobcast.games.ebf)|PRJ|
|[Demons Are Crazy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/861050/DemonsAreCrazy/)|DemonsAreCrazy|
|[Park Beyond](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1368130/Park_Beyond/)|ParkBeyond|
|[Pikmin 4](https://www.nintendo.com/store/products/pikmin-4-switch/)|Carrot4|
|[Ghostrunner](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1139900/Ghostrunner/)|Ghostrunner|
|[Tower of Fantasy](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2064650/Tower_of_Fantasy/)|Hotta|GAME_TowerOfFantasy|
|[Dauntless](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/dauntless)|Archon|GAME_Dauntless|
|[GTA Trilogy - Definitive Edition](https://store.rockstargames.com/game/buy-grand-theft-auto-the-trilogy-the-definitive-edition)|Gameface|GAME_GTATheTrilogyDefinitiveEdition|
|[The Division Resurgence](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ubisoft.the.division.mobile.combat.shooting.open.world.rpg)|TheDivision|GAME_TheDivisionResurgence|
|[Snowbreak](https://snowbreak.amazingseasun.com/en/index.html#/)|Game|GAME_Snowbreak|
|[Ready or Not](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1144200/Ready_or_Not/)|ReadyOrNot|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Rumbleverse](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/rumbleverse)|Rumbleverse|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Mortal Kombat: Onslaught](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wb.goog.mk.rpg2021)|TNT|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Torchlight: Infinite](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1974050/Torchlight_Infinite/)|UE_game|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[Stray](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1332010/Stray/)|Hk_project|GAME_ReadyOrNot|
|[The Dark Pictures Anthology: The Devil in Me](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1567020/The_Dark_Pictures_Anthology_The_Devil_in_Me/)|SMG028|GAME_ReadyOrNot|

## Unreal Engine 4.27
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Dead by Daylight](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/dead-by-daylight)|DeadByDaylight|
|[Hello Neighbor 2](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1321680/Hello_Neighbor_2/)|HelloNeighbor2|
|[Paragon: The Overprime](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/paragon-the-overprime-0bca60)|Overprime|
|[The Anacrusis](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1120480/The_Anacrusis/)|Anacrusis|
|[Multiversus](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/multiversus)|MultiVersus|
|[The Cycle](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/thecycle)|Prospect|
|[Marie's Room](https://store.steampowered.com/app/648390/Maries_Room/)|MariesRoom|
|[AMID EVIL](https://store.steampowered.com/app/673130/AMID_EVIL/)|AmidEvil|
|[The Orville - Interactive Fan Experience](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1096200/The_Orville__Interactive_Fan_Experience/)|OrvilleFanGame|
|[High On Life](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1583230/High_On_Life/)|Oregon|
|[Coral Island](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1158160/Coral_Island/)|ProjectCoral|
|[Rocket League Sideswipe](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Psyonix.RL2D)|RL2D|
|[Omega Strikers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1869590/Omega_Strikers/)|Prometheus|
|[Meta Football](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ninemgames.football)|Soccer|
|[Hi-Fi RUSH](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1817230/HiFi_RUSH/)|Hibiki|
|[SpongeBob SquarePants: The Cosmic Shake](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1282150/SpongeBob_SquarePants_The_Cosmic_Shake/)|CosmicShake|
|[Ghostwire: Tokyo](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1475810/Ghostwire_Tokyo/)|Snowfall|
|[Wayfinder](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1171690/Wayfinder/)|Atlas|
|[Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach](https://store.steampowered.com/app/747660/Five_Nights_at_Freddys_Security_Breach/)|fnaf9|
|[Splitgate](https://store.steampowered.com/app/677620/Splitgate/)|PortalWars|GAME_Splitgate|
|[HYENAS](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1989910/HYENAS/)|keaton|GAME_HYENAS|
|[VALORANT](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/valorant)|ShooterGame|GAME_Valorant|
|[Grounded](https://store.steampowered.com/app/962130/Grounded/)|Maine|GAME_Grounded|
|[The Outlast Trials](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1304930/The_Outlast_Trials/)|OPP|GAME_OutlastTrials|
|[HARVESTELLA](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1816300/HARVESTELLA/)|Harvestella| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Harvestella/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Crisis Core - Final Fantasy 7 Reunion](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1608070/CRISIS_CORE_FINAL_FANTASY_VII_REUNION/)|CCFF7R| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/CCFF7R/Mappings.usmap)|
|[DEATHVERSE: LET IT DIE](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1149560/DEATHVERSE_LET_IT_DIE/)|EAGGame| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/DEATHVERSE/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Lies of P](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1627720/Lies_of_P/)|LiesofP| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Lies%20of%20P/Demo/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.0
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Evil Nun: The Broken Mask](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1460220/Evil_Nun_The_Broken_Mask/)|Evil_Nun|
|[Kitty May Cry](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2123100/Kitty_May_Cry/)|KittyMayCry|
|[Petals](https://petalsgame.itch.io/petals)|Petals| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Petals/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Predecessor](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/predecessor)|Predecessor| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Predecessor/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Dark and Darker](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2016590/Dark_and_Darker/)|DungeonCrawler| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Dark%20and%20Darker/Mappings.usmap)|
|[SCP: Fragmented Minds](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1184790/SCP_Fragmented_Minds/)|FragmentedMinds| |[Mapping (Unavailable)]()|
|[Android Simulator](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1891250/Android_Simulator/)|AndroidSimulator| |[Mapping (Unavailable)]()|
|[Meet Your Maker](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1194810/Meet_Your_Maker/)|Sanctuary|GAME_MeetYourMaker|[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Meet%20Your%20Maker/Open%20Beta/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.1
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Palia](https://palia.com/)|Palia| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Palia/Open%20Beta/Mappings.usmap)|
|[Winterfest Wonderland](https://github.com/halfuwu/halfheart.dev/raw/master/docs/WinterfestWonderland.zip)|HalfWinterfestGame| |[Mapping](https://github.com/GMatrixGames/TempMappingsRepo/raw/master/WinterfestWonderland.usmap)|
|[The Complex: Found Footage](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1942120/The_Complex_Found_Footage/)|TheComplexFF| |[Mapping](https://github.com/GMatrixGames/TempMappingsRepo/raw/master/The%20Complex%20Found%20Footage.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.2
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Remnant II](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1282100/Remnant_II/)|Remnant2| |[Mapping](https://github.com/OutTheShade/Unreal-Mappings-Archive/raw/main/Remnant%202/Mappings.usmap)|

## Unreal Engine 5.3
|Game|Project Name|Custom Version|Mappings|
|--|--|--|--|
|[Fortnite](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/fortnite)|FortniteGame| |[Mapping](https://fortnitecentral.genxgames.gg/api/v1/mappings)|
